breaking news I wanted just to mention
to you several people nominated to roles
in Donald Trump's incoming cabinet
Administration have been targeted by
bomb threats Trump whatever the audience
he addressed he never modulated his
accent CA Harris does that Hillary did
it Obama did it don't ever let anybody
or any circumstance take your power from
you I mean she just looked like a broken
woman this was the woman who was selling
his Joy I see myself as a 22-year-old at
3: in the morning at a bar talking to a
best friend don't let anybody take your
power away from you which political
party has made my life worse it's not
the Republican party you have to give me
one promise that you guys aren't going
to do me dirty in the
thumbnail Victor Davis Hansen is an
acclaimed author and an award-winning
historian earli this year he released an
update to his book the Case for Trump an
authoritative take on how an abrasive
celebrity businessman became better
place than anybody to tackle a world
royed by War and cultural division
clearly the majority of Americans now
agree but now it's time for Theory to
become practice how does Trump weigh the
anti-war sentiments of his supporters
was a stantly pro-israel bent of his
cabinet how does he end the war in
Ukraine without handing a propaganda
Victory to Putin again's extraordinary
anti-establishment Coalition survived
the transition from populism to power
well Victor Davis Hansen George Victor
great to have you on uncensored thank
you I spoke to uh president Trump
yesterday he called me just for a chat
which I found uh amusing on one level
but also because he's a phoneaholic not
entirely surprising I've known him 20
years I've got to say and I said this
publicly I've never heard him sound so
happy and relaxed certainly since he
became a politician uh or more focused
and determined on leaving a legacy of
being a great president I I genuinely
believe from speaking to him yesterday
that he feels he's got a mandate uh and
a head of wind that can enable him to be
a historic transformative president um
what do you
think yeah I think he does have a
mandate I don't think it's based on 50%
of the vote or that's the first time a
republican had done that since George W
Bush in 2004 but all the issues that he
embraced on the border security
lessening crime diminishing crime
foreign policy building up reforms and
billing the defense department back up
Dei cultural issues um all of them the
hyperinflation he he was pulling about
60% so he embraced issues that were
about 60 to 65% across the board
Harris's team now is in you know in
retrospect saying well we didn't have
the messaging right or we should have
done this but that that's not the
problem the problem was that all of the
issues that they embraced did not
warrant 50% support so he thinks he has
a mandate based on the issues rather
than just the overwhelming it was an
overwhelming Electoral College win I
think the other thing is he's kind of a
nitian figure he figures that they've
impeached him twice they tried him as a
private citizen they tried to take him
off the ballot in 16 States they
conducted five criminal and civil suits
I think you could call them lawfare and
uh there was two assassination attempts
and they all failed so he feels that
anything that didn't destroy him made
him stronger and there's nothing left
that he has to worry about not that they
won't try it again but he feels that
he's overcome all these things in the
past yeah also of course he's now
because he's won and is now the
president he can he can control that
side of things I mean all the legal
stuff's basically going away very very
fast I want to play you a clip this is
from a podcast called on pods save
America where some top Harris Waltz
campaign staff including David Pluff who
of course used to work for Obama spoke
out for the first time about some of the
key decisions take a listen to this in a
107 day race it is very difficult to do
all the things you would normally do um
on the transit Tech One
um obviously it was a very effective ad
at the end I ultimately don't believe
that it was about the issue of trans I
think that it made her seem out of touch
if there's a belief that if only we had
responded to this transad with national
and huge Battleground State ads we would
have won I don't think that's true she
was ready willing to to go on Joe Rogan
um would it have changed anything you
know it would have been a um it would
have broken through not because of the
conversation with Joe Rogan but because
the fact that she was doing it you know
listening to them um Victor I just got
the feeling of people who really don't
really understand how they've managed to
lose so badly when in fact I think it's
reasonably straightforward um a very
poor candidate who'd been a very poor
candidate the first time she tried to
run as a Democrat nominee and was
rejected very quickly by her own side
you recognize she was not very good uh
but secondly
Trump was massively better trusted to
potentially fix the cost of living
crisis and the illegal immigration
crisis and also because he represented
what he called in his victory speech a
core of Common Sense and that Carmela
Harris represented as that very
effective trans ad showed she was for
they them trumps for you in that one
very simple ad there was the the
difference between the two parties and
the two candidates one is common sense
of course you can't have biological men
ruining women's sport the other one was
yeah of course you can and I do think it
was that three-pronged thing plus what
you just said about the fact he took on
the lawfare he they tried to jail him
they tried to shoot him and so on all
that helped him but do you think those
three things ultimately were what drove
people to vote for
him oh yeah I think that's exactly on
the money and I mean she's they've
offered all sorts of excuses that they
only had a 100 days well Trump only had
100 days in fact he had months that he
was he was dealing with courts and uh
suits and fines he was tied up and off
the campaign Trail but uh the thing that
he the Marquee theme was he was able for
the first time in my lifetime to replace
racial tribalism with class solidarity
in other words he said to people if
you're a Mexican-American truck driver
if you're a black electrician if you're
a poor white Carpenter you have more in
common with each other than you do with
your elites on the Bic Coastal uh uh
domain in other words uh the people at
Stanford University do not uh represent
the Working Man at uh in Michigan or the
Latino laraza latinx media spokesperson
does not uh represent the people I'm
living around right now here in the San
Walken Valley and that was a radical
idea and if you look at the actual data
from the 2016 2020 in 2024 he really
didn't increase much the white working
class or the white vote at all and he
was about the same he he went up a
little bit with women but where he made
unbelievable uh gains were in Mexican
Americans Native Americans Asians and
African-Americans and had he not made
those gains he would not have won and
that's what they do not want to confront
because that's the Keystone of the
democratic party victim victimization
victimizers oppressor are oppressed and
they have this kind of marxist binary
and people don't buy into it and
especially minorities don't buy they
don't like I think a key signature thing
real quickly was in Obama it was an
iconic moment when he took those
African-American activists very
intelligent young men and took them to
the side and said you don't know what's
good for you you're a captive to racism
and sexism and I can tell you what your
real interest are yes that was kind of
revealing it would it was it was so
condescending and patronizing and it was
he may as well have said you have to
vote for carala because she's black like
you and actually I think you you've
brought up a great point which is I
think a lot of the voting for Trump in
the end was colorblind they they they
just weren't voting because of ethnicity
they were voting for a common shared
concern about big issues which carala
Harris simply wasn't able to articulate
any meaningful policy about and I will
say to people whatever you think of
trump his position on things is very
crystal clear you know there's no
ambiguity he's he's one of the great
marketers in the history of politics and
you know what he stands for but rather
like with Hillary back in 2016 if you'd
ask people on the streets of 20 major
American cities all over the country
give me five things she she stands for
they'd have really struggled to tell you
whereas with Trump they could have
rattled them off with no problem and I I
thought the same this time that she
eventually having started off with we're
going to have a joyful campaign Cara
Harris very quickly morph back to
Hillary's way of doing things in 2016
which was basically called Trump a
Hitler a new Hitler a Nazi a fascist and
so on uh demonize all his supporters and
then surround herself with very pampered
Primadonna multi-millionaire celebrities
and hope that their Stardust would
translate to votes and it didn't it
didn't work for Hillary and it didn't
work for
her I think there's two things I think
you're getting at again you're right on
the Mone there was this question of who
was Jun genuine authentic Trump whatever
the audience he addressed he never
modulated his accent CA Harris does that
Hillary did it Obama did it he didn't
change his clothing he came out to a
bunch of a group of farmers he didn't
put on the caterpillar hat the boots he
always wore the tie and whatever people
thought of him they thought this is what
you get yeah the other thing was this
time around on likee 2016 and 20 he was
able to
exude a message that it's okay to vote
for Donald J Trump when he walked into
Madison Square Garden and you have Joe
Rogan tulsey Gabbert RFK uh Dana White
there were such a mixed ideologically
diversity um middle class it just exuded
and people started to say I can say that
I'm for Trump if I'm a celebrity I'm a
media person I'm not afraid anymore and
that really gave him a momentum that he
was ecumenical and he was bringing
people and I don't know how it's going
to work when you have RFK Tulsi Gabbert
uh all of these different people but one
thing that he was also saying finally
was whether it's good or bad right or
wrong I'm not going to do what I did in
2016 and consult the wise men in the
Beltway in the New York Washington Nexus
there's not going to be a Jim Mattis a
Rex Tillerson a John Bolton we're going
to get people who are are immune from
the enticements of the administrative
state in fact it's even we weer than
that he's he's appointing people that
have been victims of the very agencies
they're tasked to run especially Jay
bararia and NIH uh I that's a $50
billion doll Grant if I were the people
at Stanford University that tried to
destroy him that have hundreds of
millions of dollars of Health Grants uh
it would not be a very comforting
thought not that he's going to retaliate
but I don't think these people are going
to be compromised and they're not going
to you're not going to have an anonymous
saying I'm working inside the vowels of
the administration and I'm trying to
thwart Donald Trump as we did in 2019
and 20 how how important do you think is
Elon Musk in all this because I think he
is actually very important you know you
got one of the smartest brains in the
world who thinks massively big picture
and who show with Twitter which he
rebranded as X on day one he went in and
basically fired half of the workforce
and you know what it carried on and in
fact a recent poll showed that it's now
basically a 5050 split of users between
Republican and Democrat having been
massively skewed to the Democrat side
before musk bought it which I thought
was really interesting um he's made it a
much fairer Marketplace of ideas um
simply by removing a lot of the barriers
that were being aimed directly at at
right-wing um people um but how
important is musk do you
think oh very you're absolutely right
very important uh in fact in an ironic
way sort of his light-handed way the way
he jokes almost uh deprecates from the
actual value of his achievements he's
one of the rare American Renaissance
figures of the last century everything
he touches turned to Gold I mean he he
he was the only person that ever took on
the big three with Tesla and one he's
NASA is in shambles and he basically
single-handedly reinvented the Space
Program same thing with uh starlink and
the thing about it was he gave a he gave
an tand do
uh were the campaign that says yes you
can no you can't and it was very similar
when I was a young kid of the JFK
campaign he said I'm going to get the
country moving again we're going to
explore space don't believe it didn't
turn all out that well as you know but
the idea that Elon Musk was going to
conquer space he was going to build
electric car he was going to enter take
over uh take over Twitter and save it
and make it a free speech platform that
gave a sense that that Trump was willing
to reach out to almost any body if they
Shar his same confidence that the best
days of America aree it was reaganesque
it was like JFK and uh and then the the
the addition of Bobby Kennedy as I said
earlier and and then and then Elon Musk
once he did that he brought a lot of
people like David Sachs or Peter till
came back there was a sense in Silicon
Valley it's now it's now going to be
better for us under Trump because he's
going to he's going to make the country
competitive he's not going to allow
China to do what it's been doing and
he's not the evil um devil or satanic
figure we thought yeah I I completely
agree um let's turn to Ukraine because
uh I did speak to him about that
yesterday I won't repeat what he said
but it's certainly it's it's not an easy
thing to resolve the situation in
Ukraine um I mean look not nors the
Middle East obviously but at least there
there's a deal now with Hezbollah and
that you got to assume that it won't be
too long before there's a similar deal
to to end the war with Hamas U but
Ukraine Russia is is more complex isn't
it how do you think Trump can actually
resolve
this before I answer that I think you're
hitting on another truth that there is a
contradiction because he's inheriting
Administration that has lost deterrence
whether we defined by Afghanistan
debacle or the Chinese balloon or the
two Wars and he's a jack sonian he's not
an interventionist he's not a nation
Builder he does not want to get into
optional Wars but he's going to going to
have to show Force to avoid getting an
off in Wars by restoring deterrence so
when he looks at Ukraine his opponent
say well he's going to get out he's not
going to do that because he'll have
nothing to bargain with he's a
businessman so I think he's going to try
to adopt what a lot of people in the
United States have been talking about
for o over a year and that is it was not
the it was not the policy of the Obama
Administration the Trump Administration
the Biden Administration to physically
militarily bring back the dbass in
Crimea once they were stolen Obama lost
those and no one said we're going to go
to war to get them back after February
24th for some reason that became the new
agenda that every Russian had to get out
and we were going to fight to the last
Ukrainian so I think what Trump is going
to do as a businessman he's going to try
to tell both sides what do you want and
he's going to tell
Putin you it wasn't sure you were going
to institutionalize that theft of Prima
and donbas but you have historical ties
to those areas we understand that we
want you to go back to where you started
you can tell all the Russian people that
only you institutionalize those new
acquisitions that you got in 2014 you
have a new alliance now that everybody
you're very proud of with China Etc we
will not put Ukraine in NATO that's
another goal and we'll tell the
ukrainians uh you're not going to be in
NATO we're going to arm you to the teeth
and uh you save your country and I think
that's about the best you can can do at
this point I don't think the the problem
is that the neoconservative
interventionist right and the hyper left
uh Pro ukrainians they keep talking
about wounding Putin and this and that
and Putin's going to lose Putin's not
going to lose the Russian army
historically does very poorly when it
goes into another country but when the
war is a matter of honest borders are
inside Russia it never loses whether
it's this reminds me so much of the 1939
uh winter War everybody said Russia was
completely incompetent they went into
Finland they lost a half a million
people Manheim and the fins were so
heroic and what happened the fins
finally were ground down and had to make
a deal and that was worse off than when
uh the Russ when they first started
fighting Russia so I I think that's what
we're going to see the other thing is as
I was going to say the combined dead
wounded and missing on both sides are
about a million and a half and this is
there's about 12,000 12 million refugees
missing from Ukraine they're running out
of people this is well beyond the battle
of the Sumer Bardon in your this is the
worst blood bath in Europe since 1942
and 43 at Stalingrad and I don't think
people ever talk about that they don't
you know and here in America will say
well we're winning we've got to give
this and this but nobody says you're
destroying Ukraine in your own way to
save it and so there has to and I think
Trump is the only major figure that has
the ability to stop it without just
letting Putin take over the country
finally Victor I mean there's a lot
going on in the world but actually
historically oddly perversely perhaps
there are fewer wars being fought right
now than in recorded history uh people
are living longer healthier there's less
child poverty the water's cleaner and so
on there are lots of metrics to suggest
has never been a better time to be alive
but in a way social media which has been
a Brilliant Invention in many ways but
has also constantly pumps out negative
imagery creating an impression
particularly for young impressionable
Minds that they've never had it so bad
um what do you feel about that I mean
what's the way out of that do you think
as we go
forward well I think the big change came
at the Millennium with globalization
which is really a synony synonym for
westernization if not Americanization
and there was a lot of downsides to it
it really it created a New Politics
because people with muscular labor their
jobs were outsourc to cheaper places or
Capital was off short and the Bic
Coastal people who had these uh
Universal skills in the media Insurance
investment Academia they they prospered
as never before and I'm speaking from my
family's farm that you know was just
basically destroyed by globalization in
2003 and four I had a twin brother who
was farming he went broke so I
understand that element but on the other
side I mean we were giving there was a
standard of living that was
inconceivable before globalization say
in the Amazon basin or Africa people had
eyeglasses they had antibiotics they had
access to knowledge so on the whole it's
been a positive thing and I agree with
you but uh here in the United States
globalization created the figure of
Donald Trump as a politician because his
he was the only one who said to people
yes we're all wealthy and people like
myself with my overseas Investments and
my brand name that's know known on we
profited in a way that we could never
have imagined in the 80s and 90s when I
went broke however there were a lot of
losers and I'm here to try to even the
playing field and redirect and that that
was a message I I just never understood
why um any of the old Republican
standards McCain the bushes Romney and
even his Rivals of you know really
bright people like Marco Rubio and Scott
Walker nobody was on to that except
Donald Trump and that was very hard to
digest because it shouldn't have been
true he was a billionaire and he was
always considered selfish and a money
grubber but actually he had an empathy
for the casualties of in America of
globalization that no one has ever
matched and he still has it yeah and he
was also I mean in all the time I've
known him nearly 20 years now he was
always on the case about China and how
it was ripping off America and how
dangerous it was that they own so much
American debt and everything else so he
you know he in fact if you go back to
Trump and what he was saying 20 years
ago there's not a lot of difference in
terms of his worldview he's just in a
position now to do something about it
and I I think having spoken to him a few
times recently but particularly
yesterday that he recognizes the scale
of the opportunity and he is much more
relaxed than he was the first time round
because not everyone is attacking him in
the way they did then or marching
through the streets screaming and
shouting about him actually there's been
an acceptance okay he won fair and
square and he won big and he has a
mandate and a lot of Americans from
right across the Spectrum uh want him to
succeed it's a very different mindset
for someone like Trump who's a pugilist
at heart but actually if you
metaphorically put your arm around him a
bit and say go on we're behind you it's
amazing the difference that can make to
someone's temperament I think and I'm
I'm detecting it in
him you're you're right again I the
thing that people misunderstand about
for all the crudity and vulgarity and uh
oral attack rhetorical attacks on people
that can be very cruel he's actually not
a vindictive person and when you look at
some of these appointments what RFK has
said about him what JD Vance said about
him what he doesn't he he's not as thin
skinned as everybody said so they say
well he's going to go weaponize
weaponize we go I don't think he is I
think he's going to change change these
administrative States and make them more
efficient and much smaller but I think
his I know that he's got a big eagle but
his that translates into I'm going to
make America have a greater GDP lower
unemployment lower inflation reform go
to space have a big military and make us
preeminent admired and I have no time to
go after Jack Smith or Merck Garland or
Hunter Biden I don't think he's going to
do that you know I think that's what
drives that drives the left crazy
because I completely agree I don't think
he's got I don't think he's got the time
or inclination now he doesn't need to he
doesn't need to uh to hansome what a
fantastic treat to have you onl sensor
thank you very much well well thank you
app I appreciate it hope we can do it
again soon thank you very much yeah
thank you well now for review from the
opposite side of the aisle but maybe not
as opposite as you may think Anna
casparian is a progressive journalist
and commentator best known for her work
alongside my old friend Chen yuger and
liberal Network the Young Turk she has
some strident views on where it all went
wrong for the Democrats in this election
and she's faced an avalanche of personal
attacks from Liberal followers for
denouncing President Biden Gavin yum and
wokeism among other Democratic deities
so has anakasparian left the left let's
find out she joins me now and welcome to
your uncensored
debut thank you for having me Pierce we
tried to lure you on many times but you
you haven't taken the chank route of
coming on just to shout at me but it's
good to have you finally and we'll get
to chck later don't worry I just want to
talk to you well you need to give me one
one promise you have to give me one
promise that you guys aren't going to do
me dirty in the thumbnail for this video
you promise you know what I can't
promise because we've done some absolute
we've done some ckers recently
particularly involving Chen um but as he
knows better than anybody a great
thumbnail drives more traffic and that's
the game we're in we want people to
watch what we're doing otherwise what's
the point so we are very proud of our
thumbnail I mean if I look
attractive if I look attractive that
might actually draw some more eyebrows
so think about it wow you're you're
you're playing that card well I admire
it I admire it um listen uh to be
serious you've made a bit of news
recently um we've got a little s to
start with of your reaction to when
Trump won in 2016 I have no respect for
women who voted for Trump okay me too I
think so poorly of them and the reason
why is because look I don't think that
you're a single issue voter I just think
you're dumb okay I think you're
dumb
when you vote for someone who openly
treats women like second class citizens
who talks about them as if they're
nothing more than a piece of meat who
has been accused of sexually assaulting
them who has been caught on tape talking
about groping them and grabbing them by
the without consent yeah you're an
idiot you're an idiot so Anna have you
you moderated your view of trump voters
this time
around to say the least uh that video I
am not proud of I will say that and you
know I had a very emotional reaction to
news that Trump won in 2016 I was
totally blindsided by it and to be quite
Frank I think that
attacking voters is one of the worst
things you can do these are our fellow
Americans regardless of who they vote
for what they think in order for this
great experiment in America to work we
have to respect each other and so that
was eight years ago i' like to think
that I've matured since then and uh I
hope that I can prove that maturity
through the work that I do today you
said five days before the election uh
you posted this I think to X I don't
support Trump I also don't think it's
helpful to call him a fascist or a Nazi
those words actually mean something
Beyond not liking a candidate I mean I
completely agree with you uh and I I
respected you for saying that um because
actually the over demonization of trump
all it did was help him and Dam
the left anyway I mean it was an act of
self harm because most reasonable minded
people went well hang on Hitler killed
12 million people what are you talking
about uh and if he was such a terrible
fascist why didn't he behave like a
fascist for four years when he had the
chance um and the truth is he didn't um
you know January 6th was awful and I
wrote that at the time um and said it at
the time um but other than that uh where
you could construct an argument for this
was the kind of thing you would see in a
in a sort of a Banana Republic there's
nothing about Trump's first ter which
screamed fascism to me and I felt that
that persistent attack and the he's the
new Hitler was just
ludicrous well it's insulting for like
the Jewish Community uh that of course
was victimized uh by Hitler it kind of
downplays or minimizes the severity and
the brutality of Hitler and what he
carried out but you know I think that
what just to play Devil's Advocate those
who kind of use phrases or words like
fascist in order to describe Donald
Trump you know they're not using it in
an academic sense they're using it in
regard to some of the you know
authoritarian tendencies that we heard
about regarding Donald Trump in his
first term and you know you can argue
well there's a lot of hearsay there's a
lot of uh comments from disgruntled
former Administration officials uh who
claim that Trump said these things
behind closed stores if you want to make
that argument that's fine but even if
let's give let's give those individuals
the benefit of the doubt and just assume
that Trump did in fact say those things
during closed door meetings it still
doesn't rise to the actual definition of
a fascist right I mean where are the
brown shirts you know where is the
militarized citizenry that's going to
carry out you know uh Trump's Dirty
Deeds it's just it's a type of hyperbole
that I don't think Democrats and I'm not
talking about the V I'm talking about
Democrats in positions of power
genuinely believed I think what they did
is used tactics of fear and Division in
order to accumulate votes and support in
lie of having an actual imagination of
what this country could be if they
Implement policies that make the lives
of ordinary Americans better the
Democrats have made a deal with the
devil and the devil is their corporate
donors and since their corporate donors
want very specific things for the
donations that they're providing to
these politicians and usually that's a
policy that does not bode well for
American workers what Democrats tend to
do is lean into tactics of fear or uh
they talk about culture War issues right
they lean into the culture war and every
election cycle they get more and more
maximalist with what they claim they
want to carry out on these culture War
topics and they've gone too far and I
think Americans kind of um fought back
against them you gave some I mean three
events that you've referenced which made
you reassess your political alignment
the first one U was when you revealed
you've been sexually assaulted by two
homeless people in LA in 2022 and you
were accused of stigmatizing your
unhoused neighbors which was a
staggering response to a woman revealing
she'd been sexually assaulted tell me
about
that right I mean you know I I I hate
having to like relive it but yeah I was
walking my dog and there were two uh men
coming toward me but you know living in
Los Angeles there is a large homeless
population and I had never been you know
victimized by anybody before so I didn't
think much of it uh as I was bending
over to pick up my dog's mess you know
one of them grabbed me by the hips and
with an erection uh just started
thrusting at me very violently I was
terrified I was alone I didn't have a
weapon on me and
so you know it took a while for me to
get over that because whether I like it
or not I have to walk my dog sometimes I
have to do it at night right and so I
had to kind of think about that every
single time I was taking my dog out to
walk and so I had just opened up about
it on our show not really thinking that
it was going to lead to backlash I
wasn't even looking for sympathy I just
it was on my mind and I just talked
about it and it led to just this wave of
you hate homeless people you're
stigmatizing homeless people uh don't
call them homeless people they're
unhoused which I don't even understand
why unhoused would be better than saying
homeless by the way these are the same
the likes to do they like to change the
language instead of actually addressing
the issue at hand yeah yeah and these
are the same people who supposedly are
there for women right and fighting for
women and you know supporting women and
believe women all this kind of thing but
when it actually came to you they just
were prepared to throw you under
horrific bus and far from treating you
as a victim they almost made you out to
be the villain of this
story they did but I I want to be clear
about something I think that this is a
small but incredibly loud and
influential faction of the democratic
party this is not indicative of all
Democrats this is not indicative of all
Democratic lawmakers this is a small
group of activists
who like to bully who like to go to City
Council meetings who like to go to
various rallies and essentially be loud
be threatening be aggressive until they
get their way and for far too long the
Democratic party has been terrified of
these little mobs of people these little
mobs of activists and have basically
just carried out what these activists
want and I just think that they need to
be a little smarter than falling prey to
uh the whims of various activist groups
because they are not representative of
the majority of Americans the majority
of Americans especially in a state like
California want homeless people to be
housed but they also understand that
this issue is far more complicated than
the housing first policy of throwing
anyone who doesn't have a home into an
apartment right because the fact of the
matter is we have severe mental health
issues out on our streets right now
people who are struggling with severe
drug addiction some of these people
actually do have families to go to or
homes to go to they need a different
type of of service they need
Rehabilitation not harm reduction where
we're just passing out needles and crack
pipes thinking that it's going to solve
the problem it is not solve the problem
it has made the lives of these
individuals struggling on the streets
far worse and it has also made the lives
of hardworking taxpaying Americans in
States like California a lot worse when
I look at my life right now and I ask
myself which political party has made my
life worse it's not the Republican Party
locally speaking the Democrats have
complete control control and they have
nearly destroyed my family's livelihood
okay we are living in trash and squalor
everywhere and unless the Democratic
party actually acknowledged these issues
and solve these issues rather than
stealing our taxpayer money and
funneling it to their nonprofit friends
they keep doing this they're going to
keep losing and I'm going to keep
speaking out against them I don't care
how much they hate Trump I don't care
how naughty the Republicans are being
right now the people having a negative
impact on my life is the Democrat party
and they need to change their ways when
we say we want to change the status quo
it doesn't mean we want to live in
Anarchy it doesn't mean that we want to
have 24 billion dollars of our taxpayer
money in California stolen by these
nonprofits it means that we want working
people to be rewarded for their hard
work we want affordable housing we want
better working conditions higher wages
Better Health Care these are things that
Democrats Ed to purport to want to do
they don't do any of it anymore and so
I'm done with them until they change
their ways yeah I completely understand
it you also got blowback when you posted
I'm a woman please don't ever refer to
me as a person with a uterus or a person
who menstruates how do people not
realize how degrading this is you can
support the transgender Community
without doing this and I I
completely agree with you the the way
that language about women has been
eradicated at the altar of transgender
activism I find utterly obscene then you
add the ridiculous assault on women's
rights to fairness and equality in sport
the invasion of women's sayfe spaces you
know we had a first minister of Scotland
the head of the Scottish government you
had to resign because she she took a
male rapist and put him into a female
prison when he just put his hand up and
said by the way I'm now a woman because
he wanted to get out of a male prison
where he'd be treated badly and get near
to new prey that was Nicolas sturgeon
she was the first minister of Scotland
it's incredible um but the the reaction
you got I can imagine what it was
because we've seen happens when JK
Rowling and people like that when I've
done it you know you put your head over
that parit you get unbelievable abuse
and threats and so on is that what
happened to
you yeah I mean I did not expect that
tweet to go as viral as it did I didn't
expect the kind of hatred I got in
response to it but look that's okay it's
fine right I'm a public figure and
whether I like it or not I signed up for
any type of you know harassment abuse
whatever that you get online as a result
of stating your opinions look the the
main point I want to make about the
transgender Community is that these are
human beings okay they deserve to be
treated with respect and dignity and
when it comes to any issue that has a
real impact on their lives housing
employment all of that there should be
protection for this community and we
should uh respect the fact that they're
human beings at the same time there are
some issues that arise where the rights
of one group in this case you know the
transgender community kind of conflicts
with the rights of another group the
rights of women and what I think is
important is that we actually have a
real dialogue a civil dialogue about how
we move forward in a way where both
parties feel that they're being treated
fairly and with dignity I think that
need to be like the foundation of the
conversation right but I do not like for
example I like flying a lot I fly with
British Airways normally and I'm used to
a nice smooth talking British Airways
pilot announcing good afternoon ladies
and gentlemen uh welcome to your flight
they're not allowed to say that anymore
they're not allowed to use the words
ladies and gentlemen in case there
happens to be somebody who doesn't
identify as a lady or gentleman on board
right which is likely to be a tiny tiny
number of people right on a plane of 6
700 people how many we talking one two
maybe maybe none right but for them the
entire language about the vast majority
of people has to be eradicated to which
I say where are my rights to be called a
gentleman or a woman's right to be
called a lady it may seem a small thing
but it's all part of the same process of
eradicating gender specific language for
a tiny minority and against the
interests in my opinion of the vast
majority where are where are our rights
as the majority to actually have the
language that we would
like well I I was unfamiliar with that
story what do they say in lie of ladies
and gentlemen I they just use gender
neutral language so I can't even
remember but it's like they they call us
passengers and you know it's all just
very stilted and gender gender neutral
um as you now see in hospitals and
schools and everything else I mean I
know there's a girl school in England
for example which is actually called I
think it's the altringham school for
girls up in the north of England uh but
you're not allowed to call the students
who go there girls
because there may be trans people
offended but they've kept the title of
the school as a girl school so they sell
entry to this school to prospective
parents as a girl school but once your
little girl goes there no one will call
her a girl including the
teachers that makes no sense if it's an
all girl school why would it I guess
yeah yeah look the way the way that I
basically deal with this
is I have a team of producers that help
me produce uh The Young Turks daily and
I always refer to my team as like if I'm
texting them about an element I need for
a story I'll always text with hey guys I
need X Y and Z most of the people in my
team are actually women and so none of
them are I actually asked them I'm like
are you guys at all offended that I say
hey guys it's just kind of the way we
spoke like in my generation we kind of
address a group of people who cares
totally fine with it because guess what
because guess what most people are fine
with it most people don't care I I just
want to go back to what I said earlier
about the small loud group of activists
just because they're louder doesn't mean
that they're representative of the
general population I really do think
that it's up to these various entities
these various you know governmental
agencies to kind of take a stand and and
I think in some cases you know our
language does change and I think it
makes sense but in some cases it changes
because you have activist groups pushing
forward it doesn't make sense so let's
be a little smarter let's use our Common
Sense the third thing that you cited was
a story of a guy called Jeff in your
apartment block who you became friends
with before you realized he was a trump
supporter and that changed your view of
what a trump supporter actually could be
like tell me about
that well I think that in Trump's first
term a lot of people place themselves in
silos so I was very much in a leftwing
silo where I like I kind of refused to
have any kind of relationship with
someone who had voted for Trump and so
as a result I was allowing kind of like
the Democratic party and mass media to
paint a picture of all Trump supporters
Without Really investigating it I just
kind of accepted what their summation
was Jeff who I love and I kind of feel
bad because now like a lot of people are
talking about him and he didn't ask for
me to mention him but anyway you know I
met him at a time when I needed help
like I was moving into this building my
husband wasn't available he was going to
Fire Academy training and so at that
time I'm like lugging my husband's heavy
bicycle up the stairs and Jeff comes
across and just says can I can I help
you with that he grabs the bike and he
helps he basically helped me move in and
this guy doesn't know me this guy really
had no reason to help me but he dropped
everything he was doing and decided to
dedicate the rest of the day to helping
me out getting to know me and throughout
you know the subsequent weeks and months
we got to know each other better really
really sweet guy and then one day we're
at an HOA meeting I remember we're
sitting together on the couch um as the
meeting's going on and a woman in our
building stood up and she said something
negative about Trump and I was shocked
because Jeff Whispers in my ear you know
oh if she's going to be trashing Trump
then I'm out of here and that made me
real realized oh he's a trump supporter
and so I investigated that a little more
I was curious about his politics he was
a lifelong Democrat uh he loved JFK uh
you know voted for JFK and he just said
you know I I feel like we should support
our president even if it's someone that
you did not support you did not vote for
he's our president now and so he
explained where he was politically but
it it actually didn't matter to me
because I got to know who Jeff was as a
person prior to understanding or knowing
about his politics and so that didn't
just wake me up to how the you know
Trump supporters are not a monolith it
woke me up to the fact that all of us
are complex human beings and we should
not have one side of us or one element
of who we are Define the entirety of our
character or the entirety of who we are
as people so that's that's what I was
trying to say you come under a bit of
flack um both for your pivot as it seen
from left to right um the attacks have
been led by Laura Luma who I'm on record
of saying is a complete lunatic um but
she said here we have another political
opportunist in the for of view Anna
kasarian an is a malicious and
pathological liar who has spent years
with her co-host C Yuga lying about and
trying to cancel every outspoken Trump
supporter including myself she spread
delusional lies about Trump but now on a
low cut top and a full face of makeup
she wants to tell some make believe
story about a guy called Jeff who all of
a sudden made her realize that 80
million people are all Unique
Individuals and not Nazis come on nobody
is buying this garbage Anna is trying to
remain relevant of the changing media
landscape after she's made serious cash
bashing people like me who actually
busted my ass to help Trump get elected
she's a full-blown liar we need to
reject people like this blah blah blah
blah blah what's your uh response to
miss
Luma well I I my response is actually
going to clarify something you said a
little earlier which is my Pivot from
the left to right I would not describe
what I'm uh currently espousing as
right-wing I have been uh I basically on
economic policies I'm very much leftwing
I have rejected the Democratic party
because they sell a bill of goods that
I'm not interested anymore same with the
Republican Party generally speaking um
so I consider myself unaligned and I
have moderated my views on handful of
some social issues so that's where I am
right now I really am unaligned neither
political party represents my best
interest with that in mind I think Laura
lomer is worried that I'm going to VI
for some sort of role in in in Trump's
White House or in the Trump ecosystem
and I just want to let her know I'm not
vying for any of that I'm very happy
where I am at work uh I I don't want to
uh push you out of whatever position you
have in the Trump universe like the fact
that she brought up my physical
appearance I thought was interesting I'm
sensing a little bit of um jealousy
jealousy if I may say it seems like it
it seems like it and I'm not really
looking to roll around in the mud with
someone like Laura lomer so I just want
to everything's going to be okay Laura
yeah I think of all the of all the
million things you could suggest that I
might least want to do number one would
be rolling in the mud with Laura Luma um
but what people have said is they said
you were quite outspoken I'll play it to
you this is what you said when Dave
Ruben pivoted let's have a look there
has been this prevalence of prominent
figures who identify as the left right
or on the left who then later start to
you know cozy up to right-wing figures
and then it turns out that they
completely move to the right wi because
they're essentially paid to do it
they're used as tools by the right wi to
essentially spew right-wing talking
points while purporting to still be on
the left in fact Dave rubin's a great
example of that Dave Rubin used to work
with us he identified as someone on the
left he da yeah go ahead forgive me an
Dave Rubin made a video for prageru why
I left the left oh I know I I he does
not in fact state to the world but he's
still on the left I don't know who you
have in mind so I I can only address the
one name that you
gave so I mean have you pulled a Reuben
as some people suggest
I mean I'm still pretty leftwing and I'm
still working at the exact same place
look I don't know maybe I was wrong
about Dave Rubin but I just felt that he
first of all after he left tyt he did
lie about us and that bothered me
because we were still friends and I
didn't understand what was going on so I
was discombobulated about what was
happening with Dave after he left TT he
did leave on good terms so it was weird
and um you know he kept saying that he
was this classical liberal but had
trouble defining what that meant and had
trouble reinforcing or at least backing
up some of the claims that he was making
about you know his new found identity so
look Live and Let Live Dave is doing his
thing I I did feel that his pivot was
strange uh but maybe it was sincere who
knows well you know it's interesting
somebody accused me of being a
republican was Brian Tyler Cohen I think
he came he said you're obviously a
Republican or why was one of and I said
look I I'm I'm not a republican I'm
somebody who identifies as liberal but
who has increasingly felt in recent
years I have absolutely nothing in
common with modernday far-left woke
supposed liberals whose whole behavioral
pattern is not remotely liberal it's
actually a form of modern day fascism
which is incredibly ironic given that
they would say fascism is the one thing
they hate most in the world world and I
feel a bit like Bill Mah and people like
that who become more popular actually to
conservatives because they said the same
thing and I'm I'm kind of like that
where I would say I'm probably a
Centrist now I don't identify as to the
right or conservative but I certainly I
I have nothing in common with the woke
left at all I find them Preposterous
people yeah I think a lot of people feel
that way I I probably feel similar to
you to some extent maybe not as extreme
I don't refer to myself as a Centrist
per se but I definitely feel far more
independent now than I ever have in my
life because you're right I mean you do
look at the two political parties
dominant political parties in the United
States and I just I used to identify so
strongly with what the Democratic party
represented but as they have kind of
devolved further and further down this
like rabbit hole of maximalist policies
for like very specific groups of people
and that's the other thing I'm just so
tired of constantly focusing on how our
identities or our race our gender our
sexual orientation how how different
that makes us from one another no you're
a workingclass American you've got a lot
more in common with an Asian
working-class American a transgender
workingclass American you know a gay
working-class
americ with a black person who was
chosen uh to be the head of a you know
major Fortune 500 company I probably
have less in common with that woman than
I would with uh A working class American
from a different background yes or a
white woman who's a CEO of a 14 500
company I have less in common with her
totally agree I think Trump brilliantly
tapped into that I think he recognized
that and and the fact that so many black
Americans Latino Americans Jewish
Americans Muslim Americans white
Americans the fact they all turned out
to vote for him in such big numbers
shows that he managed to smash through
all the ethnicity and religious divid
and everything else and he just tapped
into things they all cared about which
were cost of living uh illegal
immigration and I would also add the
woke culture which has become
increasingly anical to what most people
want to see their lives LED like they
don't want to live in a life of fascist
kind of control where everyone gets
cancelled for saying the wrong thing or
reading the wrong book or laughing at
the WR moment of a joke Etc um I want to
play you a clip this is kamla Harris for
some inexplicable reason the Democrats
put out this clip last night of kamla
Harris which is I I can't even imagine
the logic other than chucking under a
bus let's take a look I just have to
remind you don't you ever let anybody
take your power from
you you have the same power that you did
before November 5th and you have the
same purpose that you
did and you have the
same ability to engage and
Inspire so don't ever let anybody or any
circumstance take your power from you I
mean she just looked like a broken woman
to me this was the woman who was selling
as Joy who looked utterly miserable
still talking in a kind of generalized
word salad way um and also and and
talking nonsense because of course you
know the Democrats just took a massive
ring and it's on her watch so of course
they're all going to feel that not not
as confident and strong as they were
before they need a radical rethink I
think the Democrats but it was kind of
sad wasn't it that
video I mean I gotta be I thought it was
kind of funny like I I see myself as a
22-year-old at 3 in the morning at a bar
talking to a best friend okay that's
what I sound like don't let anybody take
your power away from you so like okay
but I still
there
is I still believe in you exactly but
putting that aside you know there's a
part of me that feels a little bad for
KLA Harris because I do feel that she
was basically set up to lose right I
mean you have Joe Biden coming out of
the gate saying that he's going to tap a
black woman for his VP when you do that
what it signals to the rest of the
country is that you know you're going to
you're going to pick a token to make a
point point and it's not based on Merit
and I think that's an issue and it
doesn't look good but then on top of
that really the person who deserves a
great deal of blame actually the people
who deserve a great deal of blame is Joe
Biden who refused to drop out of the
race decided to run for a second term
even though he had promised not to run
for a second term and all of the
campaign officials surrounding him who
by the way just yesterday on pod save
America admitted that after Biden had
that disastrous debate performance they
didn't have a plan B they didn't engage
in a plan B the only thing they were
hyperfocused on was keeping Biden in the
race how irresponsible is that because
even if best case scenario for them
Biden is somehow able to eek out a win
which of course now we know based on
their internal polling that wasn't going
to happen but let's say if it did happen
they're totally fine with having an
elderly man with that level of cognitive
decline leading this country they're
okay with that no it's ridiculous and
then they want to fearmonger about Trump
I'm sorry but the Democratic party has
lost its credibility yeah entirely
totally agree um there's some breaking
news I wanted just to mention to you
quite serious actually several people
nominated to roles in Donald Trump's
incoming cabinet and administration have
been targeted by bomb threats and
swatting uh Caroline levit said last
night this morning several of President
Trump's cabinet nominees administration
appointees were targeted in violent
unamerican threats to their lives and
those who live with them law
enforcements say the threats included a
bomb threat on the home of congresswoman
Alise stanic who's about to become the
US ambassador of the United Nations
obviously a very disturbing development
um what do you make of
that we should be condemning political
violence or threats of violence in all
forms regardless of who that violence or
those threats of violence are directed
to
I'm so sick of this this atmosphere in
America okay Donald Trump won the
election not only did he win the
electoral college vote uh significantly
but he also won the popular vote a
republican hasn't been able to do that
since
2004 and for the individuals who are
upset about that I hear you you should
be focusing on rebuilding the Democratic
party they lost this election directing
violence toward the winners directing
violence toward cabinet Pointes is
unacceptable and really does uh seem
hypocritical considering the fact that
we keeping over and over again how
violent the rightwing is I mean during
this election cycle all the violence
that I've seen has been carried out by
individuals on the left with the
exception of the first assassination
attempt against Trump we still don't
know you know what motivated that guy
but his politics were all over the place
but you know the second assassination
attempt obviously someone on the left uh
these threats of violence toward cabinet
appointees it's unacceptable let's
please be smarter than this yeah uh I
want to end on a lighter note uh we
started talking by talking about Chen I
want to end by talking about him very
briefly we have a chank mashup to show
you oh what I'm going to attack you I'm
going to come on this guy's a fool name
one Palestinian you find acceptable to
make a peace deal with you won't because
you don't want peace all you want to do
is Slaughter more Palestinians this
whole thing is based on a lie these are
vicious vigilante Thugs and they have
done more violence than all of the peace
protesters in the country combined where
are the arrests where are the where's
the outrage where's the indignation you
pretend that you care about protecting
students but you only care about
protecting one side hey if someone takes
out somebody from with a stretcher I pay
the legal bills attack
people I just wondered and whether you
had any advice for me on how to deal
with Chen's obvious anger management
issues I do have advice for you Let It
Go all right let the man talk let the
man do his thing look I know that for
some uh he comes across as you know too
aggressive a little too animated but
understand where that's coming from it's
coming from a place of authenticity and
sincerity and for him you know it's it's
righteous anger it's righteous rage and
my style St might be a little different
from his but I'm a Jank r or die okay I
know his heart is in the right place and
um I'm going to defend him and I'm going
to just tell you you know you're welcome
you're welcome because I know that he's
helping you get those ratings Pierce you
know what I'll I'll be honest I love CH
I love his passion I love his energy I
love his combative debating style he's
welcome here anytime as indeed are you
anak SP we finally got you on I hope
you've enjoyed it please come back again
because I think you guys are uh exactly
what we want on the show you're
uncensored you speak to your minds I
love it thank you very
much thank you thank you pierce